README.md, before:

# sgirc

A super simple / barebones IRC client written as an exercise in learning Motif.
Focused on providing a native look and feel on SGIs.

Extremely early, many bugs exist, many things don't work.

Use at your own risk.
See license.txt for references to any open source included in this project.

## building

Built and tested with either MIPSPro or [RSE's](https://github.com/sgidevnet/sgug-rse) GCC by just typing `make`.

## running

Usage: `sgirc [-n <nick>] [-s <server>] [-p <port>] [-f <prefs file>] [-c]`
        -n: Set nick to use
        -s: Set server to connect to
        -p: Set port to connect to
        -f: Specify alternate preferences file
        -c: Connect at startup

## configuring

Upon running, `~/.sgirc/prefs` should be created. This is a standard JSON file with a few settings, only some of which work.
Currently you can disable the timestamps if you want more display area for text.
If you specify discordBridgeName, it will look for messages from that name and replace it with the first name mentioned. This was built specifically because I frequent a number of SGI-related IRC channels that use a discord bridge.

Normal names show up as `<nick>` while bridged names (assuming this is set) show up as `<<bridged_nick>>`

All other settings are ignored at the moment. I warned you this was early and unfinished!

Commit message:

Remove references to disabled command line options.

README.md, after:

# sgirc

A super simple / barebones IRC client written as an exercise in learning Motif.
Focused on providing a native look and feel on SGIs.

Extremely early, many bugs exist, many things don't work.

Use at your own risk.
See license.txt for references to any open source included in this project.

## building

Built and tested with either MIPSPro or [RSE's](https://github.com/sgidevnet/sgug-rse) GCC by just typing `make`.

## running

Usage: `sgirc`

That's it. No command line options right now. File->Connect to specify a connection and away you go.

## configuring

Upon running, `~/.sgirc/prefs` should be created. This is a standard JSON file with a few settings, only some of which work.
Currently you can disable the timestamps if you want more display area for text.
If you specify discordBridgeName, it will look for messages from that name and replace it with the first name mentioned. This was built specifically because I frequent a number of SGI-related IRC channels that use a discord bridge.

Normal names show up as `<nick>` while bridged names (assuming this is set) show up as `<<bridged_nick>>`

All other settings are ignored at the moment. I warned you this was early and unfinished!
